save galley br
good today will not have yahoo but give a
tip for you to have a durability
largest of your external hd and the right sbt
these stickers here was via a lot of usb
people end up leaving the hd on this side of the
console is right here is the console
ends up hd leaning here in this
console side
I want to communicate to you that this side
here is not a side recommended for you
to leave your HD
Why does it come out who is right then
you leave your external hd in this
corner of your console stuck here
really it goes greenhouse
even with the passage of time to certain
because here he comes out warm
console is sure this field here is the
field responsible for cooling
your console
so if you leave the hd on this side of the
probably in the
time and you may have some kind of
problem with your external hd type
start recognizing content starts
freeze your start a game is
simply can any
another problem until his problem is high
Let's say so.
Alright then this side is not
it is recommended that you
put on your usb port and leave this
side here 3rd of your xbox beauties and xbox
here with the day you always leave this
side another thing too that I want
talk is about roaming who has roth
took these boxes like that to the videos
your console side and near hd
This kind of box is right then.
Come on people, do not leave your hd.
next to this type of box here
one needs exactly this type but
no kind of speaker you that
leaves near to romi you leaving
next to that rose see also type
this model here plus some have another
kind of model on the market so never
let your external hd remember these
stickers here sb hit never leave
he always near to the speaker of the home
because the frequency of man can
generate instability in your HD and
end up causing it to format
alone hit so he'll ever have
all games the other day when you
put it will not get anything else inside
of the chicken is fully formatted
beauty then it will be there the tip to
you a correct side of using a
xbox external hd
never leave this side and never leave
especially near these guys here
of the sound box is right or that
type of climbing box or home beauty
so that's one more tip
For you, porn does not have any kind of
problem and total is eventuality with your
External hd in beauty
Good guys, I'm going to stay here with
head since he is big strong hug
to all and until the next
thanks